Add README (#18)
makerdao/dss-gov: README.md

# DSSGov

The Governor Contract, or `DssGov` for short, is a Dai Stablecoin System Contract that authorises Maker governance to make changes to the Maker protocol by supporting on-chain proposals.

## Description

This repository contains three main contracts:

- `DssGov`: actual governance contract

- `GovExec`: contract which acts as a delayer between proposals being approved and getting them executed.

- `GovMom`: contract that has authority to drop proposals in `DssGov`. It will be used together with a `GovExec` with 0 time delay.

## Authorization schema

![Authorization schema](auth-schema.png)

## Public functions

### rely(address usr)

It is an `auth` function. Authorizes `usr` to execute `auth` functions.

### deny(address usr)

It is an `auth` function. Removes authorization of `usr` to execute `auth` functions.

### file(bytes32 what, uint256 data)

It is an `auth` function. Changes a governance setting.

### addProposer(address usr)

> It is an `auth` function. Adds `usr` to the whitelist of regular proposers (which do not need MKR to make a proposal).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is an `auth` function. Adds `usr` to the whitelist of regular proposers (which do not need to stake MKR to make a proposal).
```

### removeProposer(address usr)

It is an `auth` function. Removes `usr` from the whitelist of regular proposers.

### delegate(address owner, address newDelegated)

Delegates the MKR deposited by `owner` to `newDelegated`.

Requires:

- `msg.sender == owner` OR
- `msg.sender == oldDelegated` AND `newDelegated == address(0)` OR
- `msg.sender == ANYONE` AND `newDelegated == address(0)` AND `owner is inactive`

### lock(uint256 wad)

Deposits `wad` amount of MKR

### free(uint256 wad)

Withdraws `wad` amount of MKR

### clear(address usr)

Creates a new snapshot of `usr` with 0 voting weight. Removes the previous weight from total active MKR.

Requires `usr` has been inactive for a certain time and hasn't been already marked as inactive.

### ping()

Creates a new snapshot of `msg.sender` with its delegated amount. Adds this voting weight to total active MKR.

Requires `msg.sender` was previously marked as inactive or it is the first time calling this function.

### launch()

Launches the system. This function is meant to activate the system and just to be used once.

> Requires a minimum amount of MKR is deposited and active in the contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requires that a minimum amount of MKR is deposited and active in the contract.
```

### propose(address exec, address action)

Makes a new proposal.

Requires:

- `msg.sender` is a whitelisted proposer and hasn't reached the daily maximum OR
- `msg.sender` has enough MKR deposited and is not a current locked account (due a previous proposal created)

### vote(uint256 id, uint256 snapshotIndex, uint256 wad)

Votes proposal number `id` with `wad` amount of MKR.

> Requires passing the correct `snapshotIndex` and having `wad` <= voting rights at that `snapshotIndex`.

Reviewer: Might want to define what the "correct `snapshotIndex`" means or at least how to determine it.

Author: Added something. Could you double check it please?

Reviewer: Suggested a slight re-wording.

Author: Thanks!

### plot(uint256 id)

Schedules proposal number `id`

Requires it has enough votes supporting it.

### exec(uint256 id)

Executes proposal number `id`.

> Requires the proposal has already been scheduled and the delay has passed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requires that the proposal has already been scheduled and the delay has passed.
```

### drop(uint256 id)

It is an `auth` function. Cancels proposal number `id`.

> ## Some user flows

Reviewer: Again not a README comment, but I wonder if we should just put functions for these flows into the base contract, instead of pushing them out to a proxy actions.

Users that want to deposit and start voting with their own `wad` amount of MKR:

- `MKR.approve(DssGov, wad)`

- `DssGov.lock(wad)`

- `DssGov.delegate(sender, sender)`

> - `DssGov.ping()`

Reviewer: Not a comment on the README, but it surprises me that it's necessary to `ping` in this scenario.

Author: Yeah for now it doesn't differentiate delegating to owner address vs other addresses. It has to do with not making the functions more complicated with extra conditions. This is certainly something to be more reviewed and discussed.

Requires passing the correct `snapshotIndex` and having `wad` <= voting rights at that `snapshotIndex`.

> The correct `snapshotIndex` of a user is the last snapshot created for that user, which is previous to the creation of the proposal to be voted. (`snapshot.fromBlock < proposal.blockNum`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The correct `snapshotIndex` of a user is the last snapshot created for that user prior to the creation of the proposal to be voted on. (`snapshot.fromBlock < proposal.blockNum`).
```
